DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION:
------->>> SERIALIZATION <<<-------
1) I have made 3 classes which are Pair, PairList and App class.
2) Pair class is used for generating the JSON file.
   The Pair class is used to make a class object with name and score.
3) Then the JSON file is made by reading the CSV file and converting it to JSON format.
------->>> DESERIALIZATION <<<-------
4) After making the JSON file, I read the JSON file with the help of the function readJSON.
   This function makes the JSONArray object and parses it using list of JSONObject mapped to PairList class.
5) According to the requirement to make a Query server while reading the JSON file, I am preprocessing the file
   and saving it into the Trie data structure. The reason behind inserting value in the Trie data structure was
   that we need sublinear time to search a query.
6) While inserting the value in the Tries, I am keeping a TreeMap which maintains the top 10 candidates till that
   index. So while searching if I reach at a node of a Trie (which is my solution) I can
   directly give top 10 query list.
 ------->>> SEARCH <<<-------
7) I search for the string in the Trie while iterating over the Trie and when ever I find the solution
   I just return the top 10 values of the node from the treeNode.

Alternatives
I have thought to use bloom filter to solve this problem because we need to basically return the word that we are matching.
But using the Trie and TreeMap can easily solve the value.

Deployment Plan
1) I have added logs in the program so that I can monitor the running of the code.
   I have made a file named test.log in which logs are added. If the log file takes up too much storage then we can take 2 different approaches
   to maintain the log files. The first one would be to have a separate log file for every day. This will help in maintaining log file
   for everyday. The second approach would be to periodically back up the log file to any cloud service to free up space from the server or machine.
   This approach will help to decrease the space taken in the machine.

2) I have maintained the log level as INFO, SEVERE and WARNING. When ever I will get the logging details as Severe, I will generate an alert
   to be sent to the appropriate team because the code was not able to run properly and it stopped in between. It will also create a problem for the
   end user as he/she will be unable to access the service. I will keep monitoring the log with Info level, as that keeps me updated about whether or not
   my program is returning the expected value or not.

3) As I am making Trie for the complete JSON file, so I will keep monitoring the time and space taken in the machine.
   Once I have utilized 75% of the space(assumption), I will generate an alert request which informs the team about
   space reaching its maximum value and in near future it can throw error. At the same time while I am adding the value to
   the Trie, which will take O(n) time where n is the length of word. So I just need to keep chart of Trie size versus length of
   word. Another chart I will maintain is search time in Trie with the Trie size. This will help me to understand the efficiency
   that I could add in the future. Like if my words (search are more towards a - m I have to optimize my search on that end)

4) One more graph that I will make is space taken by the Trie and top 10 results at the every node. This should be monitored
   because this will add a lot of space complexity with larger tree. And if I image once the system has reached its
   good amount of searches than I can reduce the top number of results because system will provide me better results. Its
   like training the system.


Test Plan
1) Basically I will test the program with small input size. When I will get the results of the program then again
   I will deploy the program in the test application and use real world test input and monitor the results. If the results are as expected
   then I will deploy the application on one specific region, for example, Texas in USA. After successful
   deployment to one region I can start deployment for different regions.